the calligraphy to one of the arts more
ancient of history today goes through a
difficult time because of the big
graphic advances in technology
we tell about the efforts that they make
some latin artists to rescue
this art the art of good writing
it is one of the most
representative of the culture example of
it has been the Chinese who created their own
alphabet based on beauty
visual of the ideograms meanwhile the
western writing whose origins
come from Latin today in
scrolls continues to decorate and endow
of singularity to each writing
currently artists seek to save
this form of expression that for some is
a hobby and for others a profession
they give importance and use in
diverse applications from writing and
seal letters up to graph their graphs
in cars and digital programs
recognized houses and fashion firms the
they use not only as an ornament but as a means
of remembrance among users
applying it on prints for
different accessories the calligraphy is
a way to differentiate and give
identity to brands so each one
It has a letter shape and special style
the elements that must take into account
it is first to know to what public it has
directed your work depending on
Who goes the job you have to have
consider the way you do it the
technical elements materials
and above all have the concept have
clear what you are going to do
Its essence is to differentiate whoever
he writes although he has gone from the pens to
the printing press later by machines
write and now by computers follows
being the same
are these features under construction that I
they complement me a good
display
to write well mainly what
it has been lost from the calligraphy are these
beautiful characteristic features of this
patience in doing it has been lost this
notion to transcribe these words
to the paper technology although it has
Faced some designers
graphics and calligraphers have taken advantage
to explore alternative fields such as
digitization of writings in
virtual media video games and logos
technology is trying to overshadow the
calligraphy art
however, keep in mind that never
is going to lose we need
for the human being to always write
always at hand the technology gives a
good adaptation in terms of
visualization that I can obtain but
these characteristic features that leaves the
calligraphy are really beautiful the
manifestation more beautiful as soon as
to the letter as far as typography is concerned
It becomes really what is at hand
know that it is made by a person who
it's not something that you can digitize and what
is going to have everyone who does
own and original just for you gives a lot
I'm very pleased with the
people
the manual art of writing is reinvented
to evolve this time next to the
technology and the crusades of designers
latin graphics